#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
PRIMERO
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
ANTECEDENTES
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kurzweil (wikipedia) on Health and aging
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kurzweil admits that he cared little for his health until age 35, when he
 was found to suffer from a glucose intolerance, an early form of type II
 diabetes (a major risk factor for heart disease).
 Kurzweil then found a doctor (Terry Grossman, M.D.) who shares his non-convention
al beliefs to develop an extreme regimen involving hundreds of pills, chemical
 intravenous treatments, red wine, and various other methods to attempt
 to live longer.
 Kurzweil was ingesting "250 supplements, eight to 10 glasses of alkaline
 water and 10 cups of green tea" every day and drinking several glasses
 of red wine a week in an effort to "reprogram" his biochemistry.[49] Lately,
 he has cut down the number of supplement pills to 150.[50]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
He asserts that in the future, everyone will live forever.[55] In a 2013
 interview, Kurzweil said that in 15 years, medical technology could add
 more than a year to one's remaining life expectancy for each year that
 passes, and we could then "outrun our own deaths".
 He has been an extreme advocate of SENS Research Foundation for the successful
 defeating of aging, and has encouraged acts of donation to hasten their
 rejuvenation research.[28][56]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
28.
 "Will Google's Ray Kurzweil Live Forever?".
 WSJ.
 12 April 2013.
 Retrieved 15 September 2014.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
49.
 "Never Say Die: Live Forever".
 WIRED.
 Retrieved 15 September 2014.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
50.
 CNN.com – Transcripts".
 Retrieved 15 September 2014.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
55.
 "As Humans and Computers Merge ...
 Immortality? | PBS NewsHour | July 10, 2012".
 PBS.
 2012-07-03.
 Retrieved 2012-07-11.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
56.
 "Ray Kurzweil At SENS 3 | Video".
 Exponential Times.
 2011-08-25.
 Retrieved 2013-07-28.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
